Yonis ismail

How to run my python files.
* Csv Files must be in the same folder as the python files
Task 2 file:

Run.

1.) input in the sanctuary id from the given list, only in the correct format
it should display the full row for data from the sanctuary id

2.) the program should then display all the people who have abused their animals

3.) the program should then display all the people who have abandoned their animals

4.) Input a new row into the treatment list and it should be displayed at the end.

5.) input in the sanctuary id from the given list, only in the correct format
it should display the full row for data from the sanctuary id

6.)Afterwards the program shofuld display all the wildanimals that are ready to be returned

7.) Input a new row into the treatment list and it should be displayed at the end.

8.) input in the sanctuary id from the given list, only in the correct format
it should display the full row for data from the sanctuary id

9.) Afterwards the program should display all the pets ready for adoption

10.) Choose between Cats or dogs to display which ones are ready for adoption, it must be in the correct format, "Cat" or "Dog"
it should then display all the cats or dogs ready.

11.) The program should display all the animals in the sanctuary ready to be released or adopted. Listed my sanctuary ID, with pets first then wild animals

12.) Input a new row into the treatment list and it should be displayed at the end.		


Task 3:

1.) You are prompted to choose whether you want to edit the surgery details. press y for yes or n for no

2.) you are prompted to choose whether you want to edit neutering, microchip, status of pet, date of depature or destination details, you can pick which one you want and have to option of picking another
if you want to skip just press enter

3.) Choose y if you want to exit editing pets

4.) You are prompted to choose whether you want to edit date of depature, status of wild animals or destination 
you can pick which one you want and have to option of picking another
if you want to skip just press enter

5.) enter y if you want to exit						